---
layout: post
author: "Quintin Donnelly"
title:  "Learning Jekyll"
subtitle: "Starting with Sass would be too easy time to learn one more skill."
background: '/img/posts/01.jpg'
date: 2018-05-25 17:00:00 -0400
categories: Jekyll
published: false
---

# The Beginning

I've been developing for awhile now and after taking some advice from some colleges
I have decided to start tracking what I am working on. That will be the use of this
website.

*Sweet short simple and too the point good start, go me*

In the future I might make this site my main github.io profile site. For now I will
take Jekyll on a test drive and see how I feel about it.

## Introduction

For my first post I wanted to go through how this site came to be / what I learned /
first impressions ect.

I started off wanting to build up a website using my normal tech stack on the web.
At the time of writing this my tech stack on the web is prymarily Node.js on the
backend and React.js on the frontend. After doing some research into the topic of
having a blog I encountered Jekyll. Having never heard of Jekyll and being a natrually
curious person I took a look into it

You are currently reading my *"Taking a look into it"*

## Setup

So the setup for hosting the site is quite simple I followed the directions
[here](https://help.github.com/articles/using-jekyll-as-a-static-site-generator-with-github-pages/).
The challeges I encountered with the setup mostly came after I had set up the hosting on
GithubPages.

After setting up one of Githubs supported [themes](https://pages.github.com/themes/)
I wasn't quite satisyied with any of them. So I explored the Jekyll community and
found [this one](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-clean-blog-jekyll).
I thought it would be a good starting place for me to get my feet wet and I do plan to
overhaul the design once I find my footing in Jekyll.

## Tasks Completed
